Update doc about using out-of-cluster k8s (#328)
streamnative/function-mesh-worker-service: README.md

2. Update the ZooKeeper and Broker URLs in the `functions_worker.yml` configuration file.

> 3. Start the container(the `KUBE_CONFIG` env should be provided and related volume also should be mounted to the container to manage resource in k8s):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Start the container. 

  You must provide the `KUBE_CONFIG` environment variable and mount related volumes to the container to manage resources in the target Kubernetes cluster. 
```

```
docker run -td --name worker -p 6750:6750 -v /YOUR-CONF/functions_worker.yml:/pulsar/conf/functions_worker.yml -v /YOUR-NAR-PATH/:/ANY-PATH apachepulsar/pulsar:2.9.2 bin/pulsar -e KUBE_CONFIG=/kube/config -v /YOUR-KUBE-CONFIG:/kube/config functions-worker
```

To combine the worker service and pulsar cluster's admin endpoints, you should start a Pulsar proxy. For details, see [configure-proxies](https://pulsar.apache.org/docs/next/functions-worker-run-separately#configure-proxies-for-standalone-function-workers).

#### Run in k8s

For details, see a sample [YAML file](./examples/standalone.yaml). You can update the configuration based on your requirement and apply it.

> (OPTIONAL) If you want to use an another k8s cluster to manage function mesh resources, you need to add the `KUBE_CONFIG` env and related volume to the pod.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(Optional) If you want to use another Kubernetes cluster to manage Function mesh resources, you must add the `KUBE_CONFIG` environment variable and related volume to the Pod.
```
